add documentation for data feed API (#91)
ceramicnetwork/docs-docusaurus: docs/protocol/js-ceramic/networking/data-feed-api.md

# Data Feed API

The Ceramic Data Feed API gives developers a way to keep track of all the new state changes that are happening in the Ceramic network. There are 2 scenarios that would trigger an update on the feed:

1. Writes explicitly sent to the Ceramic node via the HTTP Client
2. Writes discovered from the network for Streams belonging to Models that are indexed on the Ceramic node

This information can be used to take actions or simply stay updated on the current status of a stream or even a network. Data Feed API enables developers to build custom indexers or databases.

# Server-Sent Events and EventSource interface

> To understnad Data Feed API, it's important to have a basic understanding of Server-Sent Events (SSE) and the EventSource interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To understand Data Feed API, it's important to have a basic understanding of [Server-Sent Events (SSE)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Server-sent_events) and the [EventSource](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/EventSource) interface.
```
